Mark webgpu.h header stable (#22)
beaufortfrancois/webgpu-cross-platform-app: README.md

# WebGPU cross-platform app with CMake/Emscripten

This app is a <em>minimalistic</em> C++ example that shows how to use [WebGPU](https://gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/) to build desktop and web apps from a single codebase. Under the hood, it uses WebGPU's [webgpu.h](https://github.com/webgpu-native/webgpu-headers/blob/main/webgpu.h) as a stable and platform-agnostic hardware abstraction layer through a C++ wrapper called [webgpu_cpp.h](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:third_party/dawn/include/webgpu/webgpu_cpp.h). Note that this wrapper is subject to change.

> On the web, the app is built against [Emdawnwebgpu](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn/+/refs/heads/main/src/emdawnwebgpu/) (Emscripten Dawn WebGPU), which has bindings implementing webgpu.h on top of the JavaScript API. It uses [Emscripten](https://emscripten.org/), a tool for compiling C/C++ programs to WebAssembly. On specific platforms such as macOS or Windows, this project can be built against [Dawn](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn/), Chromium's cross-platform WebGPU implementation. While webgpu.h is considered stable, this stability doesn't extend to Emdawnwebgpu or Dawn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the web, the app is built against [Emdawnwebgpu](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn/+/refs/heads/main/src/emdawnwebgpu/) (Emscripten Dawn WebGPU), which has bindings implementing webgpu.h on top of the JavaScript API. It uses [Emscripten](https://emscripten.org/), a tool for compiling C/C++ programs to WebAssembly. On specific platforms such as macOS or Windows, this project can be built against [Dawn](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn/), Chromium's cross-platform WebGPU implementation. While webgpu.h is considered stable, this stability doesn't include extensions added by Emdawnwebgpu or Dawn.
```

On the web, the app is built against [emdawnwebgpu](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn/+/refs/heads/main/src/emdawnwebgpu/) (Emscripten Dawn WebGPU), which has bindings implementing webgpu.h on top of the JavaScript API. It uses [Emscripten](https://emscripten.org/), a tool for compiling C/C++ programs to WebAssembly. On specific platforms such as macOS or Windows, this project can be built against [Dawn](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn/), Chromium's cross-platform WebGPU implementation.

<p align="center" width="100%">

> :warning: The webgpu.h and webgpu_cpp.h APIs are not yet stabilized. :warning:

Reviewer: Should perhaps still warn that only the core API is stable. Doesn't need to be as "loud" as this though :)

Author: I've amended this PR. Please let me know what you think

Reviewer: I don't think it should be part of the standard `webgpu.h` because its behavior depends on some internals of Emscripten. They're not super complicated but very much an Emscripten-specific thing, with extra features like [specialHTMLTargets](https://emscripten.org/docs/api_reference/html5.h.html#registration-functions) to custom register fake "selector" names.

Reviewer: But like I said we could declare it a stable part of Emdawnwebgpu.
